1	The secret of getting ahead is getting started	Mark Twain
2	The only impossible journey is the one you never begin	Tony Robbins
3	The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing	Walt Disney
4	When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you’ll find a way to get it	Jim Rohn
5	Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined	Henry David Thoreau
6	Take action. An inch of movement will bring you closer to your goals than a mile of intention	Steve Maraboli
7	Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game	Babe Ruth
8	Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
9	Don’t be afraid to give up the good for the great	John D. Rockefeller
10	If you genuinely want something, don’t wait for it – teach yourself to be impatient	Gurbaksh Chahal
11	The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity	Amelia Earhart
12	You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great	Zig Ziglar
13	You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take	Wayne Gretzky
14	Twenty years from now, you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.	Mark Twain
15	Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear	George Addair
16	Decide what you want. Believe you can have it. Believe you deserve it and believe it’s possible for you	Jack Canfield
17	I believe that the only courage anybody ever needs is the courage to follow your dreams	Oprah Winfrey
18	Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve	Napoleon Hill
19	The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today	Franklin D. Roosevelt
20	If you can dream it, you can achieve it. You will get all you want in life if you help enough other people get what they want.	Zig Ziglar
21	Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right	Henry Ford
22	Magic is believing in yourself; if you can do that, you can make anything happen	Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
23	Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine	Roy T. Bennett
24	Believe you can, and you’re halfway there	Theodore Roosevelt
25	There are no limits to what you can accomplish, except the limits you place on your own thinking	Brian Tracy
26	All our dreams will come true if we have the courage to pursue them	Walt Disney
27	We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action	Dr. Henry Link
28	Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears	Les Brown
29	I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear	Rosa Parks
30	Believe you can, and you’re halfway there	Theodore Roosevelt
31	All our dreams will come true, if we have the courage to pursue them	Walt Disney
32	The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new	Socrates
33	If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.	Mary Angelou
34	Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change	Gautama Buddha
35	A bad attitude is like a flat tire; if you don’t change it, you won’t go anywhere	Joyce Meyer
36	We are all here for some special reason. Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future	Robin Sharma
37	You’ll never change your life until you change something you do daily. The secret of your success is found in your daily routine	John C. Maxwell 
38	The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams	Eleanor Roosevelt
39	Dream big and dare to fail	Norman Vaughan
40	Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible	Tony Robbins
41	Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?	Brian Tracy
42	I think goals should never be easy; they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time	Michael Phelps
43	People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do	Rob Siltanen
44	You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose	Dr. Seuss
45	Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve	Napoleon Hill
46	First, have a definite, clear, practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end	Aristotle
47	If you set your goals ridiculously high and it’s a failure, you will fail above everyone else’s success	James Cameron
48	You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream	C.S. Lewis
49	Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning	Gloria Steinem 
50	Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.	Jim Rohn
51	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to success is more important than any other one thing	Abraham Lincoln
52	I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have	Thomas Jefferson
53	I never dreamed about success; I worked for it	Estee Lauder
54	For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded	Jack Canfield
55	Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm	Winston Churchill
56	I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse	Florence Nightingale
57	Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it	Henry David Thoreau
58	Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities	Robert H. Schuller
59	If you look really closely, most overnight successes took a long time	Steve Jobs
60	When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you’ll be successful	Eric Thomas
61	Things work out the best for those who make the best of how things work out	John Wooden
62	People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy	Tony Robbins
63	There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure	Colin Powell
64	Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all we can be	Zig Ziglar
65	The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same	Colin R. Davis
66	Don’t be distracted by criticism. Remember – the only taste of success some people get is to take a bite out of you	Zig Ziglar
67	Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts	Winston S. Churchill 
68	Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall	Confucius
69	You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated	Maya Angelou
70	You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try	Beverly Sills
71	Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough	Og Mandino
72	You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character	Unknown
73	It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up	Vince Lombardi
74	It’s during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light	Aristotle
75	Many of life’s failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up	Thomas A. Edison 
76	What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle, and giving 110% all the time	Don Zimmer
77	Don’t let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do	John Wooden
78	Nothing is impossible, the world itself says, ‘I’m possible!’	Audrey Hepburn
79	The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me?	Ayn Rand
80	Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is	Vince Lombardi
81	It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop	Confucius
82	When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it	Henry Ford
83	I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples	Mother Teresa 
84	The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why	Mark Twain
85	When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you	Lolly Daskal
86	Decide upon your major definite purpose in life and then organize all your activities around it.	Brain Tracy
87	The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven’t found it yet, keep looking. Don’t settle	Steve Jobs.
88	It is never too late to be what you might have been	George Eliot
89	The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be	Ralph Waldo Emerson
90	Always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals	Michelle Obama
91	Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else	Margaret Mead
92	Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life	Steve Jobs
93	Be yourself, everyone else is already taken	Oscar Wilde
94	You have to be odd to be number one	Dr. Seuss 
95	The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others	Hasidic Proverb
96	Try not to become a person of success, but rather, try to become a person of value	Albert Einstein
97	If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way	Napoleon Hill
98	We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit	Aristotle
99	Go the extra mile, there’s no-one on it	Grant Cardone
100	Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant	Robert Louis Stevenson
101	Keep your face always toward the sunshine and shadows will fall behind you	Walt Whitman
102	The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty	Winston Churchill
103	No-one can make you feel inferior without your consent	Eleanor Roosevelt
104	I cam not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions	Stephen Covey
105	Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later	Og Mandino
106	When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on	Franklin D. Roosevelt
107	Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others	Cicero
108	Develop an ‘Attitude of gratitude.’ Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you	Brain Tracy
109	If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough	Oprah Winfrey 
110	Creativity is intelligence having fun	Albert Einstein
111	The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched – they must be felt with the heart	Helen Keller
112	It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation	Herman Melville 
113	Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today	Will Rogers
114	If life were predictable, it would cease to be life, and be without flavor	Eleanor Roosevelt
115	Life is never fair. And perhaps it is a good thing for most of us that it is not	Oscar Wilde
116	Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans	John Lennon
117	In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years	Abraham Lincoln
118	You only live once. But if you do it right, once is enough	Mae West
119	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all	Helen Keller
120	Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it	Charles Swindoll
121	Live in the sunshine, swim the sea, drink the wild air	Ralph Waldo Emerson
122	Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life	John Wooden
123	Life is ours to be spent, not to be saved	D. H. Lawrence
124	If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, don’t ask what seat! Just get on	Sheryl Sandberg
125	In three words, I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on	Robert Frost 
126	Whoever is happy will make others happy too	Anne Frank
127	Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier	Mother Teresa
128	The purpose of our lives is to be happy	Dalai Lama
129	I would rather die of passion than of boredom	Vincent van Gogh
130	Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about	Marilyn Monroe 
131	Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you’ve imagined	Henry David Thoreau
132	Love the life you live. Live the life you love	Bob Marley
133	The real test is not whether you avoid this failure, because you won’t. It’s whether you let it harden or shame you into inaction, or whether you learn from it; whether you choose to persevere	Barack Obama
134	Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale	Hans Christian Anderson
